summary for joe kunin dev:
highlights for joe kunin dev: 

highlights for all past jobs:

volunteer:


alelo:
This role required considerable flexibility and a superior ability to adapt, in order to efficiently address shifting requirements, deadlines, product and company needs. Pressure from strict deadlines and budgetary requirements necessitated an efficient, productive, and self-managing work ethic as well as daily collaboration with project and product managers, department leads, and colleagues to establish and maintain an effective workflow. My Duties included effectively providing support to a variety of departments during all stages of production, quality assurance, bug tracking using a dedicated system, content development with an extensive research and revision process, graphic design, and user experience work for both client and internal applications. 
    - During my time at Alelo, I was able to successfully manage a full workload of simultaneous projects with different clients and requirements, and collaborate effectively with my colleagues to successfully complete a rich, technologically sophisticated, multimedia–driven course that was to become a flagship product.

onsolution:
I assisted with hardware repair, troubleshooting and installation of vital software, configuration of new systems, maintenance and updating of older systems, and networking. Included a high proportion of customer service. Assisted and tutored users with basic and advanced computer usage as well as software dilemmas. Extensive repair of Windows and Mac systems.

axiom:
Intern at the premier travel photography agency in Europe and the United Kingdom. Interacted with thousands of photos in every step of the organizing and cataloging process, including editing, filing, distribution, rights management, and invoicing.  Observed strict submission guidelines, keywording practices, and technical requirements. I continually Interacted with clients such as Condé Nast, Getty Images, Rough Guides, and nearly every major UK–based news publication.
    -Increased the productivity and output of the cataloging process by devising a series of scripts to automate many tedious spreadsheet tasks, saving about a weeks worth of work per task.

dance:
Responsible for capturing, marketing, and archiving publicity photos of all shows and events, digitally editing large sets of photos under deadline. Balanced creating images that fit my own photographic vision with the publicity director’s technical requirements. Continuously challenged my photographic creativity to present a wide variety of material in an intriguing way. Other duties included shoot coordination, scheduling, collaboration with art department, and creation of “Best of” lists for publicity director and publishers.
    -first photographer in the department's new marketing initiative, that culminated in substantially increased viewership and audience attendence. Directly part of each marketing campaign.

aggie:
Staff photographer for a newspaper with a circulation of 13,000 people. Fast reaction speeds, resourcefulness, and adaptability were essential for successful completion of assignments by their deadlines. Other tasks included event organization, equipment and staff management, editing of images, and workflow optimization.